*Branch Log : (Here All branches are maintained)*
main :- Default Branch.
init :- initial Branch.
new-structure :- Change the lib folder structure.
debug :- debug branch.
functionality :- functionality branch in which all functionality are developed.


*Commit Log : (Here Only main commits are maintained)*
ui-commit-1 :- Ui Purpose Commit 1.
ui-commit-2 :- Ui Purpose Commit 2 (Forget password,Update Profile,Image Picker).
ui-commit-3 :- Ui Purpose Commit 3.
ui-commit-4 :- Ui Purpose Commit 4 (Add new Ad Form , Image Picker etc..).
ui-commit-5 :- Ui Purpose Commit 5 (My Ads Section).
ui-commit-6 :- Ui Purpose Commit 6 (Visitor front page Design, Snack bar ui changed).

new-structure-1 :- These is the commit in which the new structure is created and also new-
                  Functionality is attached like edit profile, pick profile image, set up firebase storage etc..

Publisher_Side_commit :- Publisher Side is created and user related information stored
Advertiser_Side_commit_1 :- First Commit in Advertiser side where Advertiser Business details are implemented in firebase

functionality-commit-1 :- Functionality commit 1 ,In which on Advertiser side, make home page dynamic and also upload new advertisement and store data inside the render.com
functionality-commit-2 :- Functionality commit 2 ,In which on Advertiser side, create Advertisements Model class and also create getAdsFunction() also make home page dynamic and on myAds page recieve all advertisement data.
functionality-commit-3 :- Functionality commit 3 ,In which on Advertiser side, create dynamic in myAds page and filter ads accoeding to their status and then create search Ads page UI.
functionality-commit-4 :- Functionality commit 4 ,In which on Advertiser side, create search ads and filter ads page then create half format of ad analysis pdf file but main thing is that i want to store network image into local storage.
functionality-commit-5 :- Functionality commit 5 ,In which on Advertiser side, convert page into pdf but one main thing is missing image is put static it will solve later.
functionality-commit-6 :- Functionality commit 6 ,In which on Advertiser side, successfully put network image in pdf and some small ui changes.
functionality-commit-7 :- Functionality commit 7 ,Call Subscription API and create model class named "SubscriptionModel" and also create service class named "SubscriptionService" and create functionality to show Subscriptions 
                          to advertisers in "add_new_advertisement.dart" file and did little changes in side the ui of Advertisement Form.
functionality-commit-8 :- Functionality commit 8 , Payment Integration and change the flow of add new advertisement.

change-theme-1 :- Theme Commit 1, In which All app's theme hase to been changed.